Heavenly Father, today we put on the full armor
to protect us against attack. We put on the belt
of truth to protect against lies and deception. We
put on the breastplate of righteousness to protect
our hearts from the temptations. We put the gospel
of peace on our feet to walk in your light, peace,
and freedom with the Holy Spirit. We rebuke
anxious thoughts. We take up your shield of
faith for protection to block and destroy all
the darts and threats thrown at us by the enemy.
We put on the helmet of salvation to cover
our minds and thoughts, reminding us that we
are children of a mighty king. We are forgiven,
set free, saved by the blood of Jesus. We take
up the sword of the spirit, your living word
that has the power to demolish strongholds
and is sharper than any double-edged sword. We
come to you, Lord, in prayer daily. In Jesus
mighty name we pray. Amen. Amen. What's up, you
guys? Welcome to the Imagination. I'm your host,
Emma, and today I'm absolutely honored to
introduce you all to satanic ritual abuse,
MK Ultra Mind Control, covert experimentation,
an organized abuse survivor, whistleblower,
and overcomer, artist and painter, writer,
songwriter, spiritual conduit, and healer,
and a woman who transforms the unspeakable into
a testament of the soul's unyielding sovereignty.
Magnolia Dove, born into a lineage marked by
survival and struggle. Magnolia's story began with
roots in her mother's Holocaust survivor heritage
and a rare AB positive bloodline, which made her a
target immediately from birth. While the specifics
of generational abuse remain partly shrouded,
the echoes of trauma reverberated through her
family. Her childhood spent in the loving yet
dysfunctional embrace of her parents, an only
child navigating her father's cocaine addiction,
was marred by early dissociation, a survival
mechanism that veiled her earliest memories.
At age 5, the darkness descended fully, Magnolia
became a target of ritual abuse and mind control.
Ins snared by perpetrators tied to MK Ultra and
Stargate projects, the sisters of Darkness Coven,
and even her best friend's parents who were linked
to the Warner Brothers and Hollywood circles. Her
formative years were a battleground at private
school and later in public schools. Magnolia
was subjected to routine programming even as she
excelled in her school's gate programs. The abuse
was harrowing. satanic rituals where she was hung
upside down, adrenalized blood being extracted,
a shallow coffin burial with snakes and bugs,
electroshock wands, starvation and padded rooms,
bamboo shoots under her fingernails, and more
as part of her brutal traumabased mind control
programming. At Warner Brothers linked gatherings,
she even endured child adult fetish parties,
a grim echo of the movie Eyed Wise Shut.
These horrors, layered with drug-induced
programming and near-death experiences, sought to
fracture her spirit. The abuse began to wne around
age nine when key perpetrators, including
her primary babysitter and sexual abuser,
moved away. MK Ultra's grip loosened, though
sporadic access for programming persisted.
Magnolia buried these memories deep, blocking
them out into adulthood, a survival strategy
that allowed her to move forward until the past
demanded reckoning. Just over a decade ago,
a chilling memory of a perpetrator's Russian
roulette threat unlocked a flood of memories
linked to satanic ritual abuse. Over the next few
years, the pieces coalesed, revealing the truth of
her life that had been mentally compartmentalized.
Magnolia's healing journey has been as fierce as
her survival. Initially, her treatments offered
little emotional support and trauma rehab provided
only surface level understanding of her complex
trauma and PTSD. Her true healing came through
unconventional and holistic paths and a profound
connection to Jesus Christ through deliverance.
Today, Magnolia stands as a whole, vibrant soul
with many memories integrated, yet ever curious
about the gaps in her story. Her decision to speak
out is driven by a desire to provide hope, to fill
in other survivors fragmented memories, and to
reclaim her testimony. As a songwriter, painter,
writer, and healer, she is a master at turning
the painful into the beautiful into creations that
resonate with ancient wisdom and urgent relevance.
her work as a lifeline for those navigating the
liinal space between trauma and transcendence.
As a radiant vessel of Yeshua's divine light,
Magnolia channels transformative healing messages
and profound spiritual wisdom, guiding those
yearning for restoration and truth through their
deepest wounds. With unwavering devotion, she
creates a sacred sanctuary for survivors of ritual
abuse, SRRA, and mind control, offering services
like deliverance, boundless compassion, and a path
to wholeness and reintegration. Magnolia's voice
is soft yet unshakable. Her art a bridge between
worlds, her healing practice, a restoration of
what was stolen. She is more than just a survivor.
She is a warriorist and a thor proving that even
the darkest experiences be transformed into
light. Through her testimony, Magnolia invites
others to reclaim their sovereignty, offering a
message of hope. Quote, "The shadows may wound,
but the spirit endures, and in its resilience, it
creates beauty that cannot be erased." End quote.
Before wrapping up the introduction of today's
guest, I'd like to share just a couple quick
reminders and updates. If you're interested
in being a guest on the show, if you wanted
to share any information privately with me, or if
you interested in submitting a written testimony
for my upcoming book series, or to be featured
on a Substack article, you can reach out to me
via email at imagine a betterworld 2020@gmail.com
or standby survivors protonmail.com. Additionally,
I've teamed up with a couple of my favorite
brands to offer you guys exclusive discount
codes on products I love, such as Refe Technology
Frequency Machines and CZTL's premium methylene
blue. You can find all the relevant links and
codes along with other resources down below in
the show notes. Your support across all platforms
is greatly appreciated, especially as I've had to
shift to alternative streaming platforms such
as Rumble and X recently following the extreme
censorship that caused my last YouTube channel
to be terminated. I've just recently started a
new YouTube channel and you can subscribe to me
there at the handle@ imaginationodcast official
that I am now streaming new episode premieres from
weekly. This transition to multiple platforms is
crucial to continue sharing vital information
with the public and disclosure communities. So,
thank you all on the other side of the screen
for helping to make the Imagination the safest
space on the internet for survivor, whistleblower,
advocate, and educator disclosures. Your support
means the absolute world to me and to every guest
on the show. So you guys, without further ado,
please help me in welcoming today's guest of
honor, voice for the voiceless, walking miracle,
survivor, overcomer, and thor educator, creative,
anti-child abuse, and survivor advocate, spiritual
warrior, and woman of God. My new friend, and the
brightest light in a world of darkness, the one,
the only Magnolia Dove. Magnolia, thank you so
much for being here with us today. It's such
an honor to have you on. Wow. Thank you so much.
That was such an amazing introduction. It It made
me emotional. You're so worthy of it. You deserve
pages of an intro. Uh I'm that didn't go on for
half the show. I could have said so much more
about you. Um incredible. I am I was blown away
by the harrowing details that you shared with your
story. And then once we finally got to connect and
I heard your voice, I was just aruck with how
positive, with how upbeat, and I know it's not
like that every single day, but just seeing the
woman that you are today and what you've overcome
and then understanding where you came from is just
it's a miracle in itself. And I'm really thrilled
that you've decided to come on here and share with
others. I think you have a really big piece to the
puzzle on so many different levels for people. you
have a really comprehensive story that goes beyond
um a lot of different uh scenarios, industries,
socio and economic classes. I mean, there's just
a lot of different layers I think that people
will be able to connect with and get puzzle
pieces from, you know, and I think um you're
a wonderful representative for this community,
and I'm just really honored and proud of you
for coming on and sharing your testimony for
the first time like this. Wow. Thank you so much
for having me. Um and that amazing introduction
and you know we forget things about ourselves
sometimes like it's you know a nice reminder you
know when we're when we are with ourselves our
our entire lives we you know we forget that we
did really overcome all of that. it's easy to kind
of go into like well what am I not doing or what
could I be doing better and the crit you know the
criticism or um so thank you it it's I do I also
feel that it has you know watching other survivors
come forward listening to other testimonies I've
been you know just knowing wow my story kind of
bridges to that and and because I experienced,
you know, sort of different pockets of it. I Yes,
I do feel that this could fill in gaps for people.
It it definitely brings more clarity and
understanding which is important for just
all of us like a reckoning of of coming to terms
with that this is really happening on this planet.
Um sometimes I think it's just so unbelievable
for people to recognize. I couldn't agree more
and people aren't wrong. It is. These are the most
heinous crimes. It literally is too unbelievable
and crazy sometimes to even wrap your mind around.
Even when you do believe it, just hearing some of
these things that that somebody like you has
overcome and at such a young age, you know,
and and these impossible scenarios and decisions
and choices that you had to make as just a small
child, you know, and it really is it's it's a
huge shock to the world, but ultimately, you know,
this really is the reality that we're living in.
And a lot of this stuff could be very preventable.
It could be exposed, you know, and and it could
have some sort of justice in the form of stopping
it and helping survivors on the other end of it
who are ignored and erased and silenced, you know,
and and sharing these testimonies, I think, is a
way to do that. It's a way to create validation,
to create cooperation, and on the other side of
that to to help other survivors who are just going
through it, you know, know that they're not alone.
and that other people have gone through things
like they have and that they aren't crazy cuz of
course you're going to think that you are. The
stuff literally does. It sounds crazy to hear. I
can't imagine remembering it and oh yeah, like oh
my god that happened, you know. So of course, of
course people have a hard time believing it, but
it's still happening and we really have to help
society understand that so they feel empowered
and ready to to stop it, you know, and help expose
it. And so it's really important what what you're
doing. Um, I'm excited to talk about the work
that you do. You actually work with survivors,
which is amazing. And you have an incredible story
from, you know, these the absolute most darkest,
heinous things in the world to finding the divine
light, you know, and and everything in between.
So, I'm excited to sort of go on this journey with
you. Um, so I thought maybe if it's okay with you,
we'd sort of paint the scene a little bit. So,
you're you're an only child and so maybe if I
know that that your family history is still a
little bit spotty and we obviously want to keep
privacy respected for your safety and uh you
know and for protection. Um but do you want to
share a little bit about your family background?
Anything that you do know that might be important
to your story and then we can start talking
about your childhood after that. Yeah. So,
um, I was born and raised in eastern Long Island
in the Hamptons, in East Hampton. My family, uh,
my parents are from the Bronx. My mother's side
is, so from my grandmother's side of my mother,
she's a Holocaust survivor. So she came over from
Hungary with her sister and actually nine of her
brothers and sisters were killed allegedly in
different concentration camps. And so my mother's
mother came here really not knowing anyone,
you know, having a few connections with family,
her sister as one and some cousins and went to
work in a bar in like a a beauty parlor and was
raising my mother barely speaking English and
um you know, a a very kind uh woman who was the
landlord of my grandmother kind of took my mother
in in a lot of ways. And I think that that's that
had a a lot to do with my mother turning out good
on many levels, even though this has happened
uh to me. And I and I still have some questions
to whether she was an MK Ultra survivor directly.
Um because of that, I'm not sure. my father's
side are uh mostly Romanian and Russian. So
we're originally on the Hungarian side. The origin
is actually Transylvania on the border. So it's
that like how I've kind of like come to terms with
it is it's that that Roma psychic bloodline. you
know, there's a lot of that um kind of heightened
awareness in that bloodline. And um but as far as
on my father's side, I really haven't been able
to get much history. I know that he was in the
army for a short period of time as a chef. And I
think he was raised like pretty middle to upper
middle class. And my mother was raised pretty poor
uh lower class and is a self-made woman. But I was
born in New York City in Mount Sinai Hospital
and a C-section baby and really spent my whole
childhood mostly in East Hampton, born and raised.
And we did spend a few months out of the year in
the Turks and Caos. They had a beach house there
that they had when they first met they were like
sort of traveling hippies and they decided to
build a house there. And so we would go there
for yeah a few months out of the year. I would
do a little bit of schooling there. My schooling
though was extremely spotty with the amount
of schools I went to before the age of eight.
And so your parents from what you know um they
and one thing too that that you had mentioned
which I thought was significant was your dad had
addiction problems you know which which a lot of
times can be a symptom of trauma you know
and and adults trying to contend with that.
So even though you don't know for sure, it does
sort of seem like even if your parents didn't
go through what you did, maybe they had been
victimized in some way throughout their life
just with how the people that they were around and
sort of some of the um some of the the symptoms
maybe that they were showing a little bit that
maybe you could notice now as an adult looking
back that you didn't necessarily see as a child.
Yes. Yeah, there was I I remember them having like
a lot of hippie artist kind of parties and I do
remember my father holding me when I was little
and and feeling that he was out of it, that
he was in pain and because I'm such an empath,
I I could feel that off of him. Um, and my mother
admits that up until I think I was maybe up,
she says up until I was four, but it could have
gone on longer, but that he struggled and that at
one point she was going to leave him if he didn't
stop. And then he absolutely did stop. Uh, and I
also want to point out that one of my main sexual
perpetrators is linked directly to my father with
drugs. Whether he targeted my father because of
the group, the babysitter. It was a a group of
babysitters, three women, um that did daytime
traffic us. And it's possible that that is his
linked link to my father. Uh or but it's a it was
a small community is my point. And they definitely
were involved in drug use slash um distribution
like drug dealing together. And I do have memories
of being left with this man alone. Sorry, that's
horrifying. Mhm. Looking back at your childhood,
you do and people understand what we're talking
about with layers and like different um sort of
compartments of society in a sense that your story
intertwines with and industries. when did maybe
the first abuse or dysfunction start in in your
life as a child? And maybe we can sort of unfold
it in order as they um as these different people
and these different industries and different
um layers sort of start piling on each
other. Okay. So, I mean it is hard to know
the first abuse because
it depends on what abuse we're talking about.
Like the first time I was taken to a safe
house I feel was very early. I feel like I
was not preverbal but just verbal enough.
four or five a as early as four or five where um I
was taken all of the abuse really feels the way my
memories had come up was because they came up and
you know I had repressed them. the first memories
that came up and sometimes I think the mind will
show you the first almost screen memories that
aren't maybe as bad or severe as others. So it's
as your psyche can handle them. So, I did start to
remember in 2010 that there was a man and I'm
almost like, should I just say his name? Uh,
his name was Bobby. And he he would sexually
abuse me. He would sexually abuse his own family
members, his stepdaughter and and biological
son and stepson. And I was left alone with him.
I was accessed by him at the babysitters
who had had trafficked us during the day
and were planning to sell my virginity
because I witnessed that conversation.
I witnessed a lot of things in that
in that in that um trafficking circle.
It was a satanic cult, the Sisters
of Darkness, and they were involved
in trafficking for money-making purposes,
obviously. And I remember being downstairs
uh very late with this babysitter and we were
my mother was late to pick me up and so she had
me come down with her to fold laundry. And there
was another woman over who was connected to her,
also a neighborhood babysitter that would have
these groups of kids over over to her house. And
she was talking about the business of trafficking
children and like talking her into it. And I
just remember them speaking about like she was
convincing this other babysitter to do this, that
her husband wouldn't have to work three jobs, um
that she has all of this access to children. And
you know, it's hard to put a total timeline
on it, but I believe within a few weeks of
that is when a lot of this operation really
started going. And sometimes it was someone,
you know, paying to watch a child get humiliated,
like watch a child eat something off of
the floor. Um, acting out sexually. Um,
just spending time alone with a child. sometimes
putting on uh plays and entertaining adults. And
then what became apparent was the spiritual
component, the satanic element to this. And
I have they used to kind of argue who got to be
uh I guess what is it? Glenda the good witch of
the of the Wizard of Oz, right? Is it? And I
mean they were fullon witches and they were
talking about the name of their coven which
they ended up calling it Sisters of Darkness.
And I remember the conversation about
they liked the band Sisters of Mercy.
So like how about Sisters of Darkness?
But it was very clear that there were
people above them that were teaching these
principles that they got to have their own
like backyard coven but that they were not the
higher upper echelons of this and but they did
a lot of torturous things and I like I have one
memory where I was in their yard playing and the
this woman, Alice, one of the women, came over
to me and said, "We're going to play a game."
And she strapped she put these like gravity
boots on me of some some kind. Uh I mean,
I didn't even know what they were. and she picked
me up by my feet and hung me off of something how
I see it as it was like a a laundry tea that
probably had like hooks and I was hung upside
down and she said Jesus went through this and
walked away and waited for me to get into a
very panicked state and then came back over and I
mean I was trying to get my head with, you know,
all the blood rushing to your head like that, it's
really uncomfortable. And so I was trying to like
bend my body up so I could get my head above
my heart. And um and she came back and said,
"Are you scared? Are you panicked?" And I was
like, "Yes, yes, please." Begging for them to
get me down. And she just took a syringe off
the back of my spine and took extracted blood,
which I have come to understand that that's
adrenalized blood. And I would watch these
witches get high on it and talk about how amazing
they felt. And they would say things like,
"Wait till you've been, you know, I feel like
I'm 18 again." And then like one of the others
who was more experienced in it would would say,
"Wait till you've been on this for a month." And
I remember them um keeping what I think were
likely child parts from how I remember it.
And of course, you know, when we come up with
these memories, when they these surface, like
we're like, are am I crazy? Um, but I remember a
conversation of, "How do we know that the blood
isn't infected with AIDS?" It was the '8s. Um,
and they were like, "Oh, Dr. So and so, like,
I guess it was their network work doctor tests all
the blood." Um, and they would I think they were
eating like some kind of bone marrow. They also
were while abusing children and myself, they were
also training me and a select few of the kids,
especially the ones they had the most access to.
So yeah, I was like in training to be one
of them in their and I was eventually then
hazed into their coven and um that would be
the day that they did the mock coffin burial
which feels like one of my most extreme extreme
extremely traumatic days. And so that was a long
weekend where this babysitter, this main
babysitter was was my parents were working
and they were away. They used to do put on these
like flea markets and antique shows and it was
I believe a long weekend that they were leaving
for work and this babysitter came to stay at my
house which in my head I thought oh well she'll
be she'll be more well behaved because it's my
house and obviously that was not the case and
she invited the coven over and there were some
children there that I didn't know that were
not a part of the normal play group and I've
come to understand the term like expendable
children and yeah and so there was this one
boy Elijah and they he around my age and I was
around age six and they had us play together.
They were they were just um encouraging us to
play and then they would throw out little terms
like you guys are soulmates now, you guys
are bonded. Um this is like your brother.
And then they would flip the script the
script. They they flipped the script on
me and and they said, "Now you can either watch us
torture him to death or you can kill
him and put him out of his misery."
And I didn't like either of those
choices. And they said, "And if you don't
comply with us. If you don't listen to what we
tell you to do, we're going to kill your parents.
And just a side note, I just want to say that
during all these different abuse scenarios that
happened, these people would use whatever worked
in that moment. It was either sometimes it would
be your family knows we're your real family,
you know, like and because you're being abused,
you're dissociating each and every um
scenario. So, I did not like that option,
but they actually started to physically abuse him
in front of me. the men were doing this. There
were men connected, one being uh one of my main
perpetrators and they started to twist his like
dislocate his arm and at a certain point he just
screamed and said just get it over with to me.
And
what I remember was that we went down into
the kitchen and got like a grapefruit and
they placed an X on a grapefruit and they had
me practice with a knife, like a stabbing.
And I would say this is the most
traumatic thing that that happened
because it's the thing that
shattered my soul the most.
And this was when they had him lay down. They had
a knife and they wrapped my hands around the knife
and I actually couldn't do it. I was like, I can't
even penetrate this. And they were even talking
you have to penetrate the it's horrible to think,
but you have to penetrate the like breast bone.
I I didn't even have that strength. So they,
how I'm remembering it is that two of the
witches wrapped their hand around my hand
and plunged the knife into this boy and I
and there was blood and I screamed and was
so like so fractured, so dissociated,
screaming my head off and them saying,
"Now you could be implicated. Now you could
go to jail for this if you tell anyone." And I
remember just screaming and crying and saying,
"You made me do it. You made me do this." and
yeah, that was really soul shattering.
And it was a part of an entire day of
being hazed into the cult where they
then did a ritual with they gave me,
how I'm remembering it is like a tab. I believe
it was a tab of LSD because I started to like trip
out and they we picked an area in my yard that
was already dug. It was like a mound that had
it was sort of like a fresher construction site
and they had brought in a childsized coffin. And
because I was tripping, it's hard to
know whether these were real trained
snakes or not real. But they convinced
me that I was in a coffin with snakes
and insects and not to move or the
snakes would bite. And they gave
me some kind of a a mask that to me I
affiliated with like a snorkel because,
you know, well I affiliate it now with a snorkel.
I used to go snorkeling in the Caribbean with my
father and there was some kind of breathing device
where I was able to breathe but I was enclosed in
something and it was in the dirt that was apparent
to me that there was a burying happening once they
closed this and I was absolutely terrified. I
was afraid that if I moved even like an inch
that something was going to bite me. I was most
afraid on an emotional level of that I would
never make it out and that my parents would
think that I ran away or was like kidnapped.
So that was the biggest fear I would say was that
they'll just never know what happened
to me and the the heartbreak of that.
And I would say that's when a lot of the LSD
was kicking in and I was really able to connect
on a deeper level spiritually and I heard
a very low but firm feminine voice which
I'm recognizing as what people call Gia like
mother earth and or mother nature earth and
she said even if you never make it out again
I'll take you I'll take care of you and that's
when I was able to just kind of like be in the
moment and I started to shift my body a little
and realized nothing was biting me and my
consciousness elevated in that moment. So
when the cult members pulled me out and I mean
there was like I remember dirt in my mouth like
I remember they were brushing me off. I had
an actual vision of I guess I had seen Star
Wars at that age and so I think it's R2-D2
when he comes out of when he's in the desert.
I got like a visual, you know, the mind will
always give you these like visual pictures. Um,
and they had water for me and they said, "You
passed, you made it. you're in you're in the
in the group and I just remember thinking I
don't want to be in this group. Um and but at
the same time I knew that these people were this
was like small potatoes like I had just elevated
my consciousness in that experience above what
was happening truly. And I remember then I said,
"What about what about Elijah?" And they
said, "It was all a show. It was all all
smoke and mirrors." Um, the blood wasn't real.
It was pig's blood, which they use in movies.
They said all of these things which
could have also been a trick. You know,
I think these this is how these people operate
as well to just confuse you. Um so that you don't
know what is real and what isn't. But after that
is when they married me to to to to the devil,
to Satan, Lucifer, and they had us drink from
these metal goblets, and they had us do like a
it was like a mini aisle marriage. But to confuse
my memories, they had another child that had been
there walk down the aisle with me. They had me
walk down with my stuffed an my favorite stuffed
animal. And then they did the real like satanic
ritual marriage. And why they do that is so that
when your memories come up when you actually, you
know, start to really like unravel this stuff,
it's so confusing because they took a
memory and layered it three times. And
yeah, and that's a lot of work just um going into
therapy and starting to unravel these things and
figuring fig figuring out what's real, what was
imaginary, what was a threat that was projected
onto you that you envisioned in fear that's
not actually a memory of what happened. Those
are things that, you know, I had to do a lot of
work in in many years of therapy to decipher.
And yeah, thank you for sharing that
absolutely terrifying and horrific memory,
you know, three memories with us. I know
that this stuff isn't easy to talk about.
I know that this is kind of your first
time sharing it on a platform like this.
um really very brave of you and very courageous.
Unfortunately, that's such a pain point with
this healing is survivors who grew up in unsafe
environments like you reckoning with the fact that
adults that should have been keeping them safe
and that they thought were keeping them safe in
their front personalities, you know, growing
up um actually behind the scenes, you know,
perpetrating them and then also forcing these
children from such a young age to perpetrate.
And that is such a pain point for survivors to
to heal from their guilt of of harming a a human,
an animal, a child. Um but unfortunately that is
a massive part of the programming and it serves
multiple levels in itself from keeping you loyal
because they they threaten you and say, you know,
things like how you said if if you don't
do this, we're going to harm this person.
um we're going to harm the you know your family
or we're going to harm the person that uh we're
asking you to hurt worse than if you just do it.
And then on the other end they you know they give
you these different memories of actually having
the experience and then they gaslight you with it.
No, it wasn't real. You know, there's all these
different levels of programming that create such
a plethora of emotions of of anger, of confusion,
of sadness, of just deep, you know, conflict. And
it can create, you know, a lot of loyal parts,
too. Um, which obviously dissociation, which I'm
grateful that you talked about because that's
obviously the the the means to an end of all of
this is dissociation and creating identities that
can, you know, hold these secrets in in different
compartments. And, you know, when when they do
these horrific things, you know, they're confident
that you're not going to remember and that if you
do, it's going to be so confusing. And I mean just
trying to comprehend, you know, being six years
old and being handed that decision, you know,
adults who were put in the same position if they
were randomly, you know, let's just say kidnapped
or taken somewhere and somebody said, "Here's
your choice. You can hurt this person in this
way or we're going to hurt them this way and it's
going to be even worse. You might as well just do
it." You know, I don't know a single adult that
that wouldn't just break and shatter. And so to
think about these impossible choices that they
put on little children to make and then make them
feel guilty. They threaten them. Like you said,
you're on drugs, so you're already, you know, sort
of seeing the world in in a very different way.
Um, you know, which which can be terrifying, too.
um being on a a drug like LSD where it really
distorts your reality to begin with, you know,
and yes, I just it's amazing, you know, the work
that you and others have done to make sense of all
of this because I'm sure even sharing it with a
therapist can be very vulnerable for many reasons,
especially not knowing if either a they'll
be traumatized and say, "I can't work with
this or if they won't believe you, you know,
and and it takes such courage to actually talk
about this and I'm grateful that you did because
there's other survivors on the other side of the
screen. There's people even if they didn't
have something that extreme happen to them,
we all carry guilt in some way and we look at it
from one perspective that like I should have done
something that's my fault, you know, and there's
a lot more to things that that happen because of
other people that make us carry guilt. And when
we can take that guilt and make sense of it,
take the shame off our own shoulders and sort of
put it where it belongs, realize what what we did
and were forced to do, but then also realize, like
you said, you had adults that had their hands over
yours. They had you practice. Like there was a lot
that went into eventually forcing you to do this,
you know, and being able to take that shame and
say, "Okay, this was real. I did experience this.
It is horrible and I'm going to heal from this.
You know, I'm going to go through it and I'm
going to make sense of it and face it and heal
it, but I'm not going to carry the shame. I'm
going to put it where it belongs on them and I'm
going to realize that I was a a child. I didn't
have a choice and it was an impossible choice.
If you would have said no or if you would have
somehow like completely, you know, defied it,
they still would have made you do it. you know,
they would have they would have restrained
you and made you do it or they would have,
you know, made you watch a worse scenario that
they did to scare you, you know. Yes. Same. So,
it's it's literally like a catch 22, like
no matter what you do, you know, and so,
and they're right, you know, a lot of times the
situation is worse if the child doesn't comply.
And they do that for a reason, too. They want you
to be like, "All right, I'm just going to do this
because I know what you're going to do is going
to be worse." you know, and so that also creates a
compliance in the child where it just breaks them
down and they're like, there's no point in saying
no because it's going to happen anyways. And you
know, there's there's just so many different like
layers and programming layers of programming that
they put into this. And so I deeply appreciate you
sharing cuz like I said, it's a it's a really
really big struggle point in this community. It
can be really hard to make sense of. But the more
that we talk about these things, then we realize
that we can take that shame gently off and put it
where it belongs and then do the healing for the
reckoning of what actually happened, you know,
of being forced into an impossible situation,
you know, and realizing that it wasn't your fault,
but that it still was horrible. It still happened
and that there healing that needs done, you
know. So, thank you from the bottom of my
heart for talking about these really hard things.
Yes. Oh, thank you. Yes. And I want to say that
I mean obviously why they use children is because
children are pure and innocent and the closest to
God. And these people who are beings of hatred and
darkness like the lowest of the low consciousness.
They they get off on corrupting someone that is
closest to God. And I have thought a lot about
what was their purpose, what were they really
getting from this other than, you know, I mean,
I watched adults take vows that they were
going to get certain things from the devil.
Um they were promised things by the the the
leader of the coven you know different things.
one woman who couldn't get pregnant, wanted to
be, you know, wanted to have another baby and
just wealth and, you know, but on this other level
of like, have you heard about redemption through
sin? Have you heard about that? I find that
to be really interesting when you look at it
from a higher perspective of, you know,
these beings that are clearly suffering so
much that they would do these horrific
acts. Um they're some a lot of them I
believe are trying to redeem themselves
through it's called redemption through
sin. They think that if they [__] up
so bad that somehow like God will have
mercy on their soul. It really doesn't
even make sense. But they're serving
on a level of um like duality. They're they're
serving the darkest of the dark. And in a way
they are cat they're catalysts. But it's
it's like thinking that if you mess up so
badly like to your parents like maybe they'll
take pity on you and like take you back. It's
these people are so rejected or have rejected
life so much that they're that they cannot
source their own power from original source
light creator you know holy mother creator
um the source of all that is they are they have to
take it from other people that's what they think.
Um, I don't know if that fully makes sense, but
it's just something that that comes to me like
sometimes when I think about like what what is
the purpose of that? And and obviously a lot of
it there's nuances, but you know there's levels of
power also. Some of them are just enjoying getting
power over others. Some of them are, you know,
really deep into occultism and they're gaining,
you know, power on the on the dark side. They're
like they're working in the dark side and they're
they're they're gaining power that way, which is
not real power because with all of this that has
happened to me. I mean, I actually have always had
an angelic counsel connection. And I've I've seen
so much of the sort of the realms of existence
and and of humanity and the angelic realms. And
when you know to go on the dark side of
everything, it only goes to a certain level.
like it it the the light is so much higher. Um
you it's like um there's a ceiling of pretty low
ceiling of consciousness is what I'm saying.
Even if you graduate to a seemingly very high
level in these like you know occult practices
that are that are sourced from darkness. Yeah,
you're so that's a really great analogy for that
cuz it's it's again an impossible thing for people
to contend with which also makes people gaslight
their own ability to believe in this stuff because
it's so backwards from how somebody who's not
a psychopath is. You know, unless you're a
psychopath, unless you're a Satan worshipper and
somebody that is just they live for that power,
or so they're trained to live for that power and
conditioned and mind controlled to, you know,
it can just seem so bizarre that there's people
out there that are committing these crimes and
then going to work the next day and they're just
out there in society. And so I do get how people
can just not be able to sit with it because it
doesn't make sense. But at the same time, when
we're looking at this, we do have to put on an
impossible lens to look through of understanding
psychopathy, of understanding narcissism, of
understanding the complete and total domination of
of your mind given up to, you know, other people.
And then also to being so hungry for power and to
having that be something that you're trained to
just continue wanting and to do it all at all cost
no matter what it is that you will do whatever
it takes to get that power you know and then all
the different layers under it the blackmailing
that they do and you know dissociating you and
I mean there's just so many different layers to
it and I also appreciate too that you brought up
why they use children you know and and you have
some examples of this in your story where they
know that children, especially children that they
specifically breed or target that have different
qualities that they're interested in, such as
like how you said your bloodline has sort of
heightened psychic abilities that run through
it. And that's a big fascination for them for
many reasons. But when we're looking at, you
know, a ritualistic perspective, without their
soul sort of being intact, without them having a
connection, like you said, to the divine light,
when they're shut off to that because they're
vibrating on an opposite frequency, they can't
connect to these beings that they want power from.
And they have to use, like you said, a child, some
something that is connected to it in order to have
like that conduit. And so a lot of these children,
they're grooming to to further enhance their
psychic abilities, which your story exemplifies
um you know, with with some of the things that
you were recognized for. Um but you really see,
you know, how these dynamics make sense
to these people because of who they are,
which is different and pretty much opposite of
how, you know, a person in normal society is. But
that does make total sense what you're saying,
you know, and maybe we could talk a little bit
about that since we're sort of talking about the
the satanic side, you know, a little bit about
some of the ways that you were recognized and
used for your own spiritual gifts that you have,
you know, which is kind of another sad point in
this cuz a lot of you are born with these really
extraordinary spiritual gifts, you know, and
luckily a lot of you now that get out are using
them the ways that God intended you to. But of
course, these people, these psychopaths, they want
to harness that for their own agendas and and use
you as a conduit to use those gifts to help them,
you know, achieve power or to do evil or, you
know, to help them with these very dark agendas.
So, maybe you could touch on that a little bit
with your story um and help bring some sense to
it. Um but also sort of share because it this is
kind of a big part too, the spiritual side of it.
Yeah, it really is. Um, well, I mean, as far back
as I can remember, I was sensitive to spirits.
The first house we lived in was haunted. I
remember watching spirits fly around me and
when I was in the crib, you know, I was a seer
always. and especially as a child which I don't
see the spirits now but I I can more feel them
and with um my connection with with Jesus with
Yeshua and I can channel and and if I want
to speak to other spirits I don't tend to
I tend to stick with my original counsel which is
angelic counsel and Yeshua um for safety reasons,
you know, but I always had that ability to to
see the unseen world and to fly out of my body,
which that would be up to up for debate whether
I was taught to fly through the remote viewing
uh programming that I received through
Project Stargate. Um but yeah, I mean I I
I was born on a date that has some heightened
it has some celebrity names around it and
uh even like one um yogic master uh is was born on
that date. But my father was friends with this ma
man named Howard and he worked with Ingo Swan
who was head of the remote viewing department
for the CIA remote viewing Ingo Swan and who
also worked with um Russell Tar and Harold
Hal Pudof is his name. And so those are people
that I've met. When I look at photos of them,
I I it's very familiar that I've worked with them.
I remember working with them and I remember being
trained by them. And you know they they would you
know the what's explained to you as a child you
know as um as an incentive to want to cooperate
in certain ways even though they're going to force
you to cooperate anyway. But like on the higher
levels of that, you're told as a child like you're
helping our government, you know, do things, get,
you know, get rid of the bad people. It's like
the you're helping be the hero. Um that's the
programming with it. And so even when I wasn't
and possibly even before I went
to a safe house and that's hard
to kind of chronologically like
put on a timeline, but I remember
um Howard would and these men that had a hand in
my programming would talk to me about having a
visual before going to sleep and then setting a
target. And the visual would would be something
that would help me to fly out of my body and then
a landing spot to make sure that I could get back
into my body. And so, you know, as a child, you
pick something like a hot air balloon or a kite
or an airplane. And I would choose the landing of
my friend's bottom of his staircase. He just had a
very cool house. And so, I picked the bottom of
his stairs to land. And that's how I would give
myself that focus of going back into my body
after I would go out into essentially out into
the ethers into the stars. And when they would
pick a a practice target, you would your spirit
essentially your consciousness is is viewing
something from above um a and dropping in. So you
you could be witnessing a conversation, you could
be seeing um a building. It's um the way something
is physically set up, a note, a conversation being
had. But a lot of it obviously with a child was
practice before you're likely doing the really
serious uh like heavy heavy hitter heavy hitter
work. But did that answer your question? Is that
going in the That's absolutely yes. And and thank
you for too for bringing up Stargate because
the remote viewing part is very common with the
MK Ultra circles as well and a gift that a lot of
these children um seem to naturally have which to
my understanding something like remote viewing
and and all spiritual gifts. I think we all,
no matter who you are, you have you can tap
into them. But, you know, they they recognize
that some of these children have the ability to
do it better or more naturally. And so then they
they continue to refine the child in it. Just
like how another child might go to, you know,
soccer practice every day. with you. Instead of
going to a soccer practice, they're training you
on this and and you know, um, having you practice
it and refine it for them to be able to use later
on in your life whenever you're, you know, of
course they're using it then, but they, like you
said, they're training you whenever you're young
to use you in a more serious manner as you get
better at it through time. Yes. Yes. Exactly.
And and there's, you know, with that obviously
especially when you're in their in their
direct care in like a safe house where
the training is going really strong,
there is so much pressure and torture
um being which it which honestly I I mean, it's
not necessary to do that. If you think about a
child and how open a child is and and especially
like a good naturatured a a a goodnatured child um
like we listened. We didn't need to be, you know,
electroshocked to participate in the exercise.
That's the part to me that is just baffling. But
it's obviously a big part of that is to make the
child forget and to dissociate into specific
fragments of personalities. And you know
the the first memory that I have of being
taken to a safe house, I actually remember
my family being threatened and there were two
men there and I don't know if they had a gun
or said they had a gun, But I was essentially I
remember my mother begging them not to take me
and them giving her the choice of either we
will take out your whole family or you will
allow us access to your child. we won't hurt a
hair on her head and we'll bring her back. And
I was literally put in I was picked up with
my legs dangling over this man's arms. I
remember what he was wearing, like part of it at
least. Um it was like a yellow like peak kind of
um collared shirt like cotton shirt and a members
only jacket. Um that used to trigger me when I
would see that. Um, and and I was brought into
this, how I remember it, as like an openseated
black Cadillac with tinted
windows and leather seats,
open seating. And I just was put in the in the
car. And I remember like crawling around the
back and looking up. I'd never seen windows
like that before. and one of the men saying,
"See, you can see out, but no one can see
in." And we went on a very long drive,
which I've kind of tracked it. It may have been
a safe house in Pittsburgh. I'm not sure of all
my locations. Um, and I don't know how many
times I was brought into a safe house, but
I
was brought into a facility where there were other
children like me and around my age and put into
these exercise training rooms. And I remember like
one of the one of the things that really stands
out to me was a boy that they put me in front of
and there was a um a female I guess I would call
her like a psychologist or she was a trainer
but it felt like she was like a therapist. Um,
and she had like a gentle nature to her and she
had me hold palm to palm with this boy and said,
"Now, no speaking. Let him show you his most
impactful experience." And somehow I guess he
would tell something to her and she would have
note of what he was projecting to me. And I saw
that this boy had had a single mother, that she
would make him mac and cheese and chocolate milk.
And I saw the carpeting in the house and that he
used to have long hair. And that in this program
he was brought into that his head had been
shaved. And I remember just and he was really
sad that all his hair was gone and he missed
his mother. And I remember like just saying,
"You still look nice." And she was like, "Yes,
you can tell him that he looks nice." And so
there were like there were moments where there was
emotional encouragement and then utter emotional
torture. You know, build a safe place in your
mind and draw it out. And I would draw these like
heaven landscapes with a Pegasus and then that
therapist would leave and a man would come in and
say there is no safe place. and I would be like
tortured. So, it was a lot of things like that.
Um, there's one scenario where I was put
into a mint green padded room and I mean
padded floor to ceiling and I was starved and I
don't know for how long but I was so hungry and
I was aware that I was being watched from like an
observational deck of sorts and there was also Alo
one of those doors where it's a split door where
someone can open to talk to you and some of the
guards would sometimes like peek in and tease me
and eat a pizza like in front of me and I would
be begging to eat something. And at one point it
was explained to me by one of the facilitators,
we can't feed you. You need to be a
clear channel for the session. Um, and
I and they were watching me. I remember loud
noises being played and I was throwing myself up
against this padded wall and just like collapsing
in utter just despair, frustration. Like I I I
remember some kind again. I could be mixing
memories with that one padded room incident, but
for some reason my memories also show me a water
boarding experience where I was like where my head
just kept being like pushed into water as like a
tor a form of torture. And at that those points,
um, I feel like at high torture points, I really
did connect with what I would what I would call
God, like holy holy father energy. Like at one
point I I saw him going through it with me.
Um, so you know, and I had a lot of those angelic
intervention moments. I have I I had a near-death
during either that experience or at the safe house
in that experience because they were doing so much
um electroshock and things that were bringing
me to near death. Um, and so I did have one
experience where, and it I probably have
more than this that I'm not even remembering,
but the one that I really remember is um waking
up on like heaven's floor essentially. And there
were angelic beings standing over me and and I
just said I don't want to go back there. Um and
some like mystical things there where um like
a pogo stick in heaven goes a lot higher than
one on regular 3D earth. Um, I mean they they let
me play like I was like riding the horses and the
Pegasus and you know there's like that stuff is
those are creatures of heaven and I was then taken
to I believe there's different realms of heaven
according to consciousness but um I was brought by
these two angels to a gate where there was a being
there and I was afraid to even like speak but it
was saying let her speak and I said I don't want
to go back and the answer I got was the choice
is ultimately up to you but you would be missed
back there there are many people who would miss
you and there's a calling for you to fulfill like
you wouldn't finish that. Um, and I just remember
making that, you know, I was I've always been
like one of those reluctant empaths like like
uh I guess I have to go back kind of like you
know, you know, you have to do the right thing.
And I was told to um by this being at these like
I I saw the pearly gates, you know, I was told
show her around and then bring her back and the
angels flew me into different realms. Um like
what do you call them? I don't I'm for
some reason at a loss for the word,
but almost different etheric dimensions kind
of. And then I was shown what I would call the
realm of hell and I was flown through it and I
actually got scared and they said, "Don't worry,
like you're not condemned here." like they
were showing me everything. And I saw this,
it was like a circus, like a the darkest circus
you could ever see. I saw all of these beings
on so many levels just suffering and but there was
like fire throwing and I mean
it was like a really bad um
what are they what is that festival called that
like it was bizarre like a Burning Man type. Thank
you. like a like a bad version of Burning Man.
Like it was it was suffering souls and it was like
everyone going through their own level of
torment. It was condemned souls and it was
also bizarre like I said like for the lost
fire throwing and like just like a bizarre
like a like weird like a David Lynch movie kind
of stuff. Um, and yeah, I got scared and then
they flew me out of there, but it was like a tour
a tour of hell. And I believe it this this whole
experience ended on a better note though, one of
the higher realms. And then I just like was zipped
back into my body. And I remember having like a
renewed hope. It was an instantaneous renewed hope
because obviously being tortured like that in a
body that you can't get out of creates a a very
visceral sense of hopelessness. So, but for some
reason that whole experience gave me a new level
of hope and I remember saying I I can do this.
That's so profound. And it's so interesting too
to hear like how spiritual you were from such
a young age that you have these like really
horrific things that are happening to you and
your body's undergoing the most extreme stress,
torture and trauma that a human could possibly be
in right to the point like you said of pushing you
to death or beyond you know and here you are able
to tap whether it was through the LSD like how
you were talking about um or just through your
own consciousness. Yes. being able to like get
yourself through what you were going through
through leaving that moment and being able to
climb sort of above where your consciousness was
in that moment. It's really interesting hearing
stories from you and others like that.
You know, I feel like it's one thing to,
you know, have one of those experiences where, you
know, somebody say drowns. You know, you hear of
these stories sometimes where there's people that
they do die for a moment and then they come back,
you know, or cardiac arrest. um people that have
written about, you know, what's on the other side.
But I also think that there's, you know, profound
experiences that aren't talked about enough like
on the brink of that, you know, before that
actually happens, if it even does happen. Those
moments going towards, you know, death or beyond,
right before that, there's these really profound
moments that people have with being able to, you
know, sort of connect with something greater than
them in order to hold on. And then how you, you
know, your your body on in this physical plane
that you and I are speaking in right now is being
tortured to death. And here you are, you know, up
in these heavenly realms making a decision to go
back into your body. You know, that like brought
me to tears hearing you say that, you know, a
child again making these impossible decisions
when you could have just been like, "No, you know
what? I've I didn't this is not the empathy that
I signed up for. Like, I'm done." that you you
have like no safety around you in the moment that
you have to go back in and you're still saying
people will miss me. I have an impact to make.
I'm going to go back and do it despite what I'm
what I'm going back into. You know, just very
very profound. Yes. Yes. Yeah. because we don't.
So I I just want to say like once the once the
body and the ego are involved in this like because
we are infinite beings our souls like we're good
we're covered like I truly believe that like if
you lead a good life you have a good spirit um
you know we are divinely protected but when
you are being subjected to such levels of
darkness and torture. Like it's very hard for
the ego identity and body to to deal with that.
It's like and I've had to do because and I don't
necessarily promote doing a lot of shadow work but
in my healing I've had to acknowledge that my ego
was really prepped to be thick at a certain point
because of what I went through that I just on
that level felt like I needed these these other
ways to protect myself. So my ego almost like it's
like when you have too much coverage or protection
it starts to hurt. Like that's what happened to
me. um where I and I've had to really strip those
layers to like bring me back into becoming an
open vessel, being an open heart, you know,
connecting again to others like because that stuff
really closes you down. It's very challenging to
this physical experience. Yes, 100%. I couldn't
agree more. And one thing uh before I forget
that I wanted to ask you about some of the
memories that you were just talking about. Um
when you say safe house, is that like a literal
safe house or is this sort of a a private for
better luck of words like programming center
that is just utilized for children like you?
So, I call it a safe house just because that's
was a term that someone said to me when I was
processing a lot of these memories
like that they're called safe houses,
but and to me the safety is just for them to
protect themselves like the perpetrators. Uh yeah,
I mean it's government and I mean I don't I don't
know like is it government and private? like it's
for sure only highlevel access to these buildings.
Um, yeah, they're facility. I mean, it was my word
I was using for like a CIA facility and and like I
was saying, I I was telling you before this about,
you know, likely a lot of your listeners
know that the CIA all a lot of those files
are out through the Freedom of Information Act,
these MK Ultra files. And I found one of mine
uh at least in a grouping where, you know,
it talks about in 1984 25 psychic children
were used in Project Stargate, you know, psychic
testing um on these children. And I'm like, "Yep,
that was me. I'm one of them." I wish I could
find some of the others, you know? I wish I could
really talk to some of the people I was down there
with. Those memories are spotty as far as who I
was around. It's it's you know I would say most of
what I remember are the direct programming torture
sess you know sessions that were done and I think
we were kept quite isolated for a lot of the time
and now also to go along with that Stargate is
obviously sort of an extension of gifted and
talented programs sort of in the same realm. Kind
of a government scouting program. One is a little
bit more severe than the other. A lot of times um
there's different layers of gifted and talented as
well, but you were actually put in those programs
as well in school. Um could you remember about
that and um were you taken off property or what
was the gifted and talented program like for you?
So not I don't not a lot like as far as like
so yes I was in gifted and talented up until
a certain point and then I feel I was taken out
of it. I actually at a certain point from all of
this abuse like I developed learning issues,
disabilities um because I was dissociating so
badly, I would just my I would be reading in
a group and my brain would dissociate. I could
sometimes not even read the words. Um, and but
yes, when so I changed schools three times before
the age of eight and that's not counting the
little bit of schooling I did in the Caribbean.
That would be the school number four that I'm
just like that was more just woven in and that
was a very small group of kids and it was right on
the beach and that was only like when my parents
wanted their vacation for a month or two at a time
and but first I was in a public school so kinder I
think was one of the programs that was connected
I don't know if you've looked into kinder
And there's a lot of like known MK Ultra connected
to that. That would have been like nursery school,
kindergarten that was public. And then and
like like a preschool. Then I was put I was
in a public school where a lot of testing went
on and I was in that like G&T kind of thing. And
I just remember really uncomfortable, strange
testing going on and a lot of hearing tests up
until I was nine. They would pull me out for those
weird hearing tests with the beeping that are like
so who knows what that fully was cuz I don't
think it was just about testing your hearing.
Um but to me that's the least traumatizing of
most of the things that happened. Um but but it's
reinforcing you know um just in general public
schools and I won't go too much off of off on this
tangent but I believe all of us even the non like
mainstream MK Ultra survivors like we were all
traumatized by public schools municipal buildings
with asbestous um like cleansing products that
are just chemical and artificial like and just
really unsaavory, you know, teaching tactics,
insensitivity. Um but so yes at one school which
was a school called Spring School which was public
and that was my technically my kindergarten and my
first grade. There was a lot of these weird tests,
a lot of like testing my um like a lot of puzzles,
a lot of like just oddly designed tests that I
would be alone with one other facilitator doing
these things to be placed. And then I spent 2
years in a private school that I believe once
I was really like in the program, once that was
underway, they were paying for this. And there
was a lot of talk about just my direction. Like
it wasn't just teachers and my mom, you know,
talking about, oh, she needs to learn more
science. It was like two men that were had a hand
in my education and the direction of it and would
pull me out during this private school which was
actually at a school school called Hampton Day
School and we would go into the gymnasium which
you know when it was not being used and they
would do programming there and that's when there
were also some Mason what I believe were Freemason
um programming things going on as well. Like I
just remember being told like do you want to be
a brick in the house? Do you like prepare yourself
to be built like a brick in the house? like they
I was hazed into multiple like I remember talk
of my main perpetrator him trying to convince my
father that I would be that I should be a part of
a rainbow girls program which is a Mason program.
I think it's also connected to like the brownies
and girl scouts and stuff. It's all that like
extracurricular like let us guide your child to
be a better citizen but it's programming. Um,
so I don't know if that answers your question.
And also I don't have so many like G&T memories,
but I know that that's a part of it. And I had
and I remember when I wasn't in it anymore. Um,
my one of my best friends like bragging that's
why I'm in gifted and talented like you know
like Yeah. It's interesting how these stories
overlap so much and how many children who were
in MK Ultra or related program Stargate were
also coinciding with having this additional
testing done in their regular day schools that
they were going to on different levels. You know,
there were some stories I've heard where the
the testing went into MK Ultra type experiments
actually in the school program where other people
had more experiences like you where those programs
were maybe at a different facility where they
would do the Stargate type remote viewing and
then school was, you know, the the typical gate
stuff, the headphones and the weird the weird
uh scenarios that they'd have children
figure out and and just like the the bizarre
um kind of uh strategy games and things like that
that they kids do. But it it's a commonality in
this community that you know a lot of you for one
have and were tested for high IQs and that you
were put in those programs in one way or another.
You know no matter what level it was a lot of
you you know were recognized even in school for
having uh you know the high IQ and the propensity
to you know maybe have psychic abilities and these
different things that they were testing for there
too. Yes. Yeah. And so what other locations
were you taken to um for these experiments,
for these, you know, abuses? Um I know Montalk
is is near you. There's, you know, New York is
it's kind of a hot spot whenever you there's not
a ton of survivors out there talking about it,
but it has been coming up more and more and
and you realize that there is actually a lot
to the state. So I'd be curious what else
you could tell us about where you were at.
Okay. So, so where I'm from is just
about 25 minutes from Montalk. So,
I do believe that I was at the base. I am not sure
how often, but I believe I was brought there. Um,
I wish I had more locations to to give because a
lot of my programming also feels as if it were in
my bedroom, in my own bedroom, which there was one
deprogrammer I worked with in my healing journey
who said that if these people were invested
enough in me, in programming me, They could
have recreated my bedroom in a safe house or in
a facility. So that you know what I'm saying as
but also it is very possible because I of what the
things my parents knew about and like I said when
I say they knew I mean parts of them were sub knew
about this um they I could have been programmed in
in my bedroom um a lot And but as far as montalk
goes, I really only have one memory of likely
being there and that is there was so there's there
are two men that have written a book the montalk
Project Chronicles and I believe that I've met
Preston Nicholls who's now deceased and they wrote
all these things about what went on in in Montalk
and were connected to this project Philadelphia
and Ma project you know this is like Camp Hero is
the is the military base location and what I just
remember is holding ing his hand and walking
through this sliding. It looked like a photo
booth. How how when you go in not a photo like
a if you're like developing film that's a photo
booth, right? No, that's not a photo booth. It's
like a um sorry like a a dark room a a photography
dark room. It looked like something like that
where you're walking through one of these doors
that that you have to like rotate and it's just
yeah completely dark. And I just remember walking
through with him and me asking essentially I
believe that we did a time travel because I just
remember saying like what day is it? What time
is it? And he's like we'll get we'll get us back
to the current time. Like where we're going it
doesn't matter. and it was like we walked through
something and that's all I really remember about
that. It is possible that one of the locations in
fact that I was in the programming, you know, I'm
I really thought um like I said, Pittsburgh and
that was sort of off of an intuition of someone
else who w is a deprogrammer, a friend of mine.
Um I I know that we like had driven a long
distance but it is possible that I was programmed
there as well in Montalk a lot. And one other
thing that I did see in one of these facilities is
what I call a government created alien. And it was
like a robot that was made to look like an alien,
like a mechanical alien. And they were all
over. I don't know how else to to to say
it. It's like a standard like gray alien, but it
was like wheeling on the floor like a robot. And
I just remember like trying to talk to one of
like it once and one of the facilitators coming
in and yelling at it to leave and I felt I felt
sorry for it. I mean that's how sensitive I was
as well. Like whether it was a real being or not I
I believe it was mechanical. And I've heard other
um I've at least heard one one or so other
testimonies where where someone has mentioned
like the government created aliens type of you
know for whatever purpose that is. I don't know.
Do you remember? Um, I know that
it doesn't seem like that it was
something that you witnessed and were sort
of walking by. It wasn't something you were
involved in. Did you see them doing anything
or anything that any uses that you could see
um the government creating
these for and to utilize for
just data collection. That is the only
thing that I feel I witnessed was to keep
track of the progress in the sessions. Um to
record everything to like Yeah. Interesting.
Mhm. That's that's what I witnessed as the main
purpose. Thank you for sharing that. that might
jog somebody's memory or maybe other people
have, you know, seen something similar. Um,
another piece of your puzzle that I want to make
sure that we talk about to sort of create all the
different layers that you were accessed from.
Um, so you had a neighbor and had a child that
was one of your best friends and yes, it might
have been your actual best friend growing up. you
could share about that, but maybe you could
talk a little bit about that family as well
because that had a big part as well in your
perpetration and sort of where you headed to.
So, I'm actually just having a sip of water. Sure,
absolutely. Please stay off cuz you know this does
it jogs a lot and it your brain starts to get
like woo um you're jogging a lot of things loose.
my best friend who since I was 2 years old, our
parents met in a supermarket where her father
came up to my mother and said, "Oh, like I have a
daughter about her age and that's how they became
friends." Which of course makes me think that that
could have even been a target. Who knows, right?
Um, but we became best friends. Um, like I even
just remember the first time her coming over and
um playing with me and the babysitter being left
with us and we kept like opening the door. The cat
was supposed to stay in a certain room and we kept
opening it up like she kept putting a rubber band
on the door to keep these French doors closed
and we kept opening it and letting the cat in.
and um and her family, she lived on
at the highest point in Amaget. Um and
her family lived next door to
the Warner I mean the it was the family of
Warner Brothers. If you look up if you look
at who you know created Warner Brothers, it
was the heir to the Warner Brothers and that
family and we would get in her family would
get invited to these sort of like suarees,
tent parties, very fancy. They had
a a large property and while I was
at my friend's house having a we used
to switch off sleepovers, you know,
different weekends and if I w was at their house,
we went to these parties a few times and you know,
we would dress up. I would wear like a dress and
tights and little like Mary Jane shoes and go and
play with the other kids that were there. And
the, you know, adults would be dressed up. And
I mean, it was like not just like a tent that
is um like a wedding party that has a a tent
and there's grass inside. This was a tent
that was decked out like internal, you know,
inside furniture. Fancy curtains like on the
inside the velvet curtains that could be closed
with like these luxurious rope ties, you know. Um,
it it kind of look it started off like a normal
party in a sense with a maybe like a a weird air
around it. And then they would do something like
light like um light flickering type of
things. And there was a shift in energy
and adults would put on these robes that really
a lot of the robes looked I would say almost
identical. I just remember like
black sort of satiny silky robes and
there would be
teenage kids walking on like
crawling on all fours serving
on like a silver tray like orves
on their back And us children would
get masks put on our faces and so that
we could not see who was doing what,
but we were in the center of the circle. like
we would they would have us line up. So we would
be on the inner circle, the adults would be on
the outer and it was like we were being passed
around in these fetishes type of things. Um and I
don't even have all of the memories of that. Um so
whether there was a like any kind of penetration
I don't know but there w there
is one thing that I did remember
before that which was like a testing to see I
won't get too into detail because it's just but
essentially What they do is they can test
a child with like an instrument to see to
make sure that a child's not going to show
signs of abuse or of penetration. It's like
a it's like a gynecological tool. Um, and
I mean these people are sophisticated and
they understand it and whether it was filmed or
not because there were celebrities there. Um,
I used to go home and tell my mother like,
"Oh, Sy Sales was at this party." And um,
it's possible I met Jimmy Savile, although he
ran in a more like, you know, UK circle. Like,
there was access to a lot of these people. And
it is possible it was filmed as blackmail. Um,
I don't know all of that, but I know that we were
essentially like I remember pin the tail on the
donkey being played except it wasn't a p it wasn't
like the it was for fetish purposes like to to
to engage like adults and children interaction.
interacting and touching um foot things
happening like yeah um inappropriate
absolutely not appropriate one of their films
is used in MK Ultra it's one of the most famous
um programming tools their movie along with like
Alice in Wonderland, which is another very famous
programming tool. Their movie is that famous. Some
of the that family knows they've had trauma. Um,
that part is one of the hardest things
for a survivor is to not be validated,
to only be given clues. Um, for example, the the
I have been validated on certain levels by Ingo
Swan's friend who was my father's friend. I mean,
he straight up has admitted to me that he worked
with Ingo Swan and I have that in a what's up
conversation like spelt out, but he did not admit
to like that level of perpetration. So because
these people don't want to be implicated. So
that part for a survivor is one of
the most brutal things. If you rely on
having your memories corroborated by another
human, that part is really hard, you know. Yeah.
especially if they're still active in whatever
cult or coven that they're involved in, you know,
and some people don't get memories back very
young, if at all, you know, and if they do,
it's easy for these cults a lot of times to
reprogram them. So they sort of forget all
over again or just are so scattered that they,
you know, they're not able to piece it together
as eloquently as you have, which is really sad,
you know, because then this ends up like really
breaking up families and friends and causing
so much dysfunction on so many levels, whether
consciously or not. You know, the rift of memory
and and how it can unfold into a dysfunction of
its own. you know, remembering what a life was
like and all of a sudden you're losing friends
and family and and you know, people around you for
your awareness. It's very bizarre and confusing,
you know, and and it's ultimately sad. It's like
I wish everybody in these in these systems could
come out the other side like you and want to be on
the survivor side versus still being victimized,
you know? And unfortunately, so rare
that that happens where people regain
consciousness and memory integration and it
really is a miracle. And it's it's crazy to
hear just all these different situations like
living so many lives in one life. You know,
you wake up one day or I should say one day you
go to sleep and you're aware that you lived one
life that maybe wasn't perfect but it also wasn't
horrible. You wake up the next day and you realize
you were living 10 lives at once and one seemed
okay and the other ones were, you know, absolutely
horrific and you were around all these people that
you didn't really realize had a part in abuse,
you know, it's just got to be really a lot to
contend with. It is. And um at a certain point
I thought I was going to live in a mental
hospital for the rest of my life because
I just did not know how I was ever going to
put all the fractured pieces back together.
and and it it left me pretty hopeless for a
like a large chunk of time where I was just
very much in a dysfunctional depressed and
passively suicidal um you know mentality. And
um it it definitely was I mean I had to do so many
things on my healing journey and um I mean I would
say the spiritual part you know connecting to
to Jesus to Yeshua to um my angelic counsel
plant medicine helped me a plant called ibogga
helped me a lot. I mean, there were multiple
things that that helped and just like doing that
work on like putting myself back together and um
yeah, I wish for others.
It's just one of the hardest things to do, but it
is possible. And it's even possible when you've
been shattered into a million pieces because and I
I'm going to venture to say that because I wasn't
that cooperative. I I we didn't even like quite
get into all of that, but I sort of like failed
out of some of that project Stargate. I mean,
they just kept accessing me and well, if she's
not going to do that, we're going to test this on
her. Like, they really tried to shatter me. Um,
and it didn't work. I mean, it did, but it
didn't. And uh because the spirit is stronger
um and our connection to a divine plan is stronger
if we can all be so lucky to remember ours,
you know, and get those original memories back.
Not just of the abuse but of the connection to the
ultimate source. Yes. You know, absolutely. Yes.
And your story really does span so much. And I
know we kind of covered the the groundwork on it.
Yeah. And I wanted to say my friend's family also
was doing Luciferian practices and was possibly
even connected because her father used to wear
a robe in the house with a um it had an emblem
of a wolf. Uh sorry, a sheep unmasking to reveal
a wolf. A wolf in sheep's clothes essentially
was their emblem. That is Fabian society which
is directly connected to the UK and communism.
It's a and they're a pro pedophilia group. It's
connected to um Harriet Harmon is the woman. So
I've had to just like I said be my own detective
looking up these things and figuring it out.
But like if you follow, if you have the courage,
you know, and the will to follow these leads,
you will find it and figure it out. Whether the
perpetrators ever admit to anything or not,
like you will come to know your own story.
Yeah. Amen to that. And what a miracle it is
that you and others have gotten to a place
where you can be so integrated through a memory
perspective to to understand it even if you don't
know every little thing. Just to have the pieces
that you can start putting together and even if
there's a couple missing pieces to understand
what you went through. It's it can really set
you on a path to healing and help you know help
you regain control over your nervous system and
how all those things initially feel whenever
you start remembering them which can be really
horrifying. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. It can be really
really scary. And when I first started to remember
I nearly lost it. And I remember I called this
one author I forget her name. Ellen Lectar, I
think it was. She wrote a book, right? End ritual
abuse, right? I called her in 2013 and was like,
"Oh my god, I've been through this." And at that
point, no one was really talking about it except
for maybe Kathy O'Brien or, you know, there was
a couple. Yeah. And she did not stay on the phone
very long with me. So, I didn't understand even
what I had stumbled upon fully. I just She said,
"I can't stay on the phone with you very
long." Like, I wanted her to be my therapist
immediately cuz that's the work she used to do.
And before she was writing her books and she said,
"I don't do this work with one-on-one survivors
anymore." And I said, "Oh, is it because it's
too painful?" She said, "That's not why." and she
she's like, "I can't stay too long on the phone,
but" And she walked she said, "Just know
everyone around you likely is involved
in some way in the in in in this." And she's
like, "You can do it. Like, you can do this."
She kind of just gave me some encouragement,
but I would It's utterly frightening.
It is. And you have an incredible journey
of healing and then on the other side of
that becoming a healer. And I think it would be
amazing to do a part two where we go into that
part of your story. And you know, I'll obviously
let if there's anything else that you wanted to
cover today, we can talk about that. But one
thing I really did want to talk about um maybe
after we we close up, anything else that you
wanted to share about those childhood years?
You are a healer and I I want to spend a little
bit of time sharing what it is that you do and
how people can support you and ultimately hire
you, you know, if your services are something
that they're seeking right now because
there isn't a ton of help out there. So,
um, wanted to sort of pass that over to you
if you wanted to talk about that or if there
was some other things that you wanted to tie
up with the other conversations that we had,
feel free to go into it. Okay. Um, yeah, there
was one other thing I did want to say. Yeah.
In connection to what we were just speaking of.
Uh, oh, I I just wanted to encourage like surviv
survivors who are uncovering their memories and it
feels like the neverending like Pandora's box. Um,
and you do feel like you're being bombarded
not just with the memories but possible
gangstalking or like where you feel there
are real threats still like happening. I
think a big key in this is to keep your
vibration as high as you possibly can.
Because that and really connect whether you
believe in God or not or higher divinity
source like connecting to your highest light
like it brings you up. It elevates you and
it's like these these things can't touch you
anymore. And I just wanted to put that out there
because I know on top of uncovering things
and working on healing, unraveling really,
really painful things that you're reliving
um on top of being bombarded say still by
perpetrators or that energy or feeling it's
like a double whammy. And so I think like a
real key is spiritual nourishment, keeping your
vibration really high. There's obviously so many
layers to that as well. I love that spiritual
nourishment. That's a really great way to word
that. Yeah. Yeah. And I wish I knew I had
known all of that then because my healing
journey was really bumpy in a lot of ways,
especially in the beginning. And now look
at you now. You're speaking on podcasts. You're
helping others through their own trauma. I mean,
what a turnaround you've made since
remembering and taking action on your
healing. It's really amazing to see you on the
other side of this now. Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel much more at peace and
I've done a lot of healing and integration
and um you know you had asked what what I do.
So what services I have I mean I I am involved
in the arts. I have done um a film production and
I am a painter and a musician. Um but my healing
work and I love helping other survivors and I do
help other survivors and non-s survivors of you
know SRRA and MK Ultra. It can be you know life is
traumatic. Um, I work with people and I do inner
child deliverance with with Jesus with Yeshua. So
essentially I I connect with him and and Jesus is
and was an ascended being who graduated and he
went through as we know like a slew of trauma.
But I have been speaking with Jesus since I am a
child. And he has manifested as plain as day in
front of me and been speaking to me, wanting me to
um spread his wisdom, which I've agreed to since
I'm a child. Um, and he has healed wounds on my
on my skin. Um, like I cut myself once playing on
my finger and he healed it. Um, he is a light
worker, an ascended master being. And so what
I like to do for other people is I like to relay
messages. When people, you know, come to me with
sort of their life situation, looking for certain
guidance, I work with him for their guidance.
I don't like to necessarily call it channeling
because sometimes people affiliate that word,
you know, I'm a conduit of of him and my healing
also is affiliated with and comes from him. It
comes from the Holy Spirit and um that's what I
do. So I work with people energetically through
him and with messages from him and and I also
you know there are it's it is up to us we
can you know god can heal us instantaneously
but because we're on this human path journey
you know we want to do our own work too
and So the inner child deliverance work,
I really like that because the the child
ego parts that got wounded can be healed
with his guidance. And so I do that to heal the
wounded parts with people, with clients. That's
so beautiful. again. Look how cool that is that
you know you were the one seeking help and now
you're able to help other people through their own
journey after all the healing that you did. Like
what a cool gift to give to the world. I know
that there there are a lot of survivors. I get
emails pretty frequently from survivors looking
for recommendations for healing, for therapy,
um for people that can, you know, help deliver
them. There's so many things that survivors need
in their journey. If somebody heard what you just
said and it resonates with them and they're like,
"That's exactly what I need. I really want to
reach out to her. I want to work directly with
a survivor. How can get in touch with you?"
Um, so I just set up a new like anonymous
uh Instagram and that is uh let's see.
I'm like, "Okay, so we're Magnolia777
and they can DM me and then I
I did set up an email with that
as well and that is magnolia trinity@gmail.com.
like my phone number can be provided as well
through you if anyone reaches out directly to you.
You could you could give my number to like say
someone who is looking to you know work with like
do this kind of work. And I also just want to say
I have done multiple deliverances through other
deliverance coaches. So, I am a clean vessel.
Um, I've had exorcisms. I've had exorcisms with
um interrogation, which is like crazy. Uh,
I mean, you know, where each any part of you
that is still like giving to a certain energy or
entity is being like really pressed and and and
brought into into line in line. Um, I don't work
that harshly. I find that can get a little too
cerebral. I really work with Holy Spirit. It's
very gentle and loving and pure. Yeah. Well,
I definitely encourage people to reach out
and support. Um, one of the easiest things
if you're not seeking her guidance through a
healing. Um, one of the easiest things that
that the rest of you can do is go follow her
on social media and just support her content,
share it on your stories, connect with it, comment
on it. You know, survivors often get really buried
in the mix of the algorithm. And it's sad because
other people speak over them who are not survivors
and who are not helping survivors or even engaging
with them or giving them credit. They're basically
taking their information, profiting off of it, um,
pretending that it's their own research, you know,
and and then these survivors just get sort of
tossed to the wind. Their information is being
exploited again, you know, their experiences and
uh, society continues to look away from them. So,
one of the easiest things that we can do as
a society to support survivors is if they're
on social media to just follow them. It's free,
it's easy, and so is sharing their content. So,
for the rest of you who who aren't going to
contact her, or aren't looking for healing, I'll
have her Instagram below and encourage you guys to
just go support as an ally, as an advocate, as a
support system. Um, help engage with her content,
get it seen by more people. Um, and of course, uh,
share her links, her email, share her social media
with any survivors you might know if you are also,
uh, working with them or if you are
somebody that connects with them online.
and follows them. If you see somebody
struggling who might need a helping hand,
um you have another resource now. So, please
help share her information to anybody who might
be in need as well in your life. Um those things
work absolute wonders to help support survivors
and it's free. You know, it's a really easy thing
that we can all collectively do together. Um and I
really appreciate Magnolia all the work that you
have done. Again, it's it's just so neat seeing
you on the other side of here and impossible to
imagine where you came from, knowing where you are
right now. You know, it's it's like the darkest of
the dark to the absolute brightest light. And it's
amazing the journey that you've gone on. I feel
like you're still just beginning and just getting
started on it even though you've been going for
so long, but you've learned so much, you know,
and and over a decade of of healing and trying out
different things. You know, what a resource you
can be now to people who need guidance and advice
through their hardest times. And you've gotten to
sort of see a big evolution of this movement where
even, you know, 2013 hardly anybody was talking
about this stuff besides maybe Kathy O'Brien and
a couple other survivors that you could find if
you really dug. You know, now there's a lot more
voices chiming in and you know, with all this with
all this time under your belt that you've gotten
to spend trying all these different things and
learning and seeing the evolution. You know,
it's great having you on the forefront now as a
public speaker. you know, getting to share all of
this with people and providing your puzzle piece
now after you got so many puzzle pieces from
other people who helped you along the way. So,
congratulations on all levels. Thank you so much.
I'm really going to I'm working on receiving like
taking that in and like really just taking it in
as a truth. You know, it's sometimes hard to be
like, "Wow, I really have done that." So, thank
you. Um, you're so welcome. Yeah, thank you. And
um, thank you so much for giving me the platform
to share this and um, yeah, it's my honor. We all
need to know this stuff and face it even if it's
uncomfortable to listen to. And yes, and it's
well, it has to stop. I mean, it it's this is not
this is like a monstrous cycle on the planet that
through awareness like it has to stop. These
like like these bloodlines have to heal. This
is not the way. This is not the way to go,
you know. Absolutely. I couldn't agree more
because that's I think when people initially
hear of this, you know, their initial reaction
is grab the pitchforks and let's just go kill
them all off. And it's so much more complex
than that. And because we don't know about trauma
and the different types of ways trauma can affect
somebody from turning them into a psychopath to
making them a victim that they need freed from,
you know, making them a slave that they do not
want to be. There's different levels of how we
need to approach all of this. You know, ultimately
we want everybody, like how I was saying earlier,
to no matter what they've done, no matter how bad
it was, we want everybody to come out and say,
"All right, I'm going to wipe my hands clean.
I'm defecting from this. Enough is enough. I'm
breaking the cycle just like Magnolia did, just
like Kathy O'Brien did. I want to be on that
side." You know, you're going to also have the
people who are they're unchangeable psychopaths.
like they just don't have the capacity to heal,
you know, even if even if we want them to. And so
understanding these different levels of the
types of of victimization that happens, the
side effects of it, the fracturing and the damage
that it does, and the different levels of damage,
what can be healed from, what can't be. You know,
it's so important that we understand this because
that's going to be the key to stopping it is
realizing how deeply embedded generationally
it is and that it's not just a swift one and done.
We just take everybody out and it stops. You know,
this goes back so many generations and it's it's
still being perpetrated so many generations below
us. And so having that understanding can really
help us empathize where it needs empathized and
accept with open arms the people who you know
if they knew that they could be safe they they'd
have arms to walk into that would accept them back
into society and want them to heal just like how
you know you have done and countless others. Um,
and then also knowing where to throw the hammer
of justice and to say, "All right, if you're not,
if you aren't going to take the initiative to want
to heal and to come out of this and to stop what
you're doing, then we have to figure out the right
way to, you know, persecute and, you know, bring
justice to those people um who have no intention
of stopping, you So hearing all of this really
helps us understand the different layers not just
of how these stories and networks work, but the
different layers of perpetration, victimization,
and the side effects of that, you know, and how
we can stop this if we take the time to actually
understand trauma, you know, and how it affects
society, how it affects the individual, how it
affects a family, you know, and how powerful it is
that people people take that initiative no matter
what the risk is and and say Enough is enough
just like what you did and have the courage to
walk away from it. Yes. Yeah. I totally agree. And
it's a it's an evolution of consciousness. Like I
I just see it as I mean I can't help but see it
as like the the cycles and waves of the planet.
I'm like, how many more generations is this going
to go on before it is like exiled from the planet?
Like this is like I just think the more exposure
and less from a victim standpoint of Yeah. like
let's go with the pitchforks like and more like
bringing light and awareness and healing to this
for it to make its way off the planet like so we
can go back to the light and bring heaven on earth
essentially which is like what I believe is
the goal of being here we're We're supposed to
unify back to the lightest of the light, like our
divinity, and bring it here to this fallen world,
you know. Amen to that. And with leaders like you
who lead with love and compassion, but also know
boundaries, how to put your foot down and where
to execute um persecution, you know, and judgment.
This is, you know, this really is the way. And
it's not just one or the other. Like we have to
be in both um in both states of consciousness
of understanding this as a whole, you know,
and hearing these testimonies I think are the
way that that happens. And so again, I just I
commend you. You're brilliant. You're incredible.
You're eloquent. I would have never guessed that
this is like your first time coming on a platform
like this and thinking about it because you're so
versed and like you're you're amazing uh public
speaker. Oh my goodness. Thank you. At first, I
felt like there was a big blank and I was nervous
at first, but thank you for saying that. You did
wonderful and I'm really excited to have you
back on and to dig into more parts of your story
because we covered so much today. This is like
a jam-packed episode, but Yes. Yes. So many more
layers to your story, including I do. But I feel
we covered really like all the groups, like a lot
of groundwork actually, 100%. And next time we can
always go over and sort of polish it off anything
that um we didn't include this time and uh move
into different aspects of your story um on part
two. So I'm really excited to have you back on and
really appreciate you Magnolia coming on today and
sharing with us and giving us your puzzle piece.
Thank you so much, Emma. Thank you. Really,
you're welcome. It's an honor. It's the least we
can do is is listen to all of this after you had
to endure and survive it. So, it's my great honor
to be able to do this and I know other people on
the other side of the screen feel the same way.
And so, for everybody listening on the other side
of the screen, I will have Magnolia's email below
as well as her Instagram. Go support her if you're
a survivor or not. And then, of course, if you
are a survivor of any kind or somebody dealing
with trauma or PTSD or just needing to sort of
move forward in your healing, if you're stuck,
um you have a resource. So, please reach out
to her and see if um you know it's a good fit
on both ends and if if what you're going through
is something she can help you with. Um but please
share her information as well with with with
other wounded warriors who might be privy to,
you know, wanting somebody that can help them walk
through their healing journey. And uh so I'll have
all that below. And I really encourage you guys
to help share and elevate her and to share this
episode with people um that you think would find
value and education and and ultimately just people
curious about learning the the ins and outs of
the world like we're curious about it. And I'll
have all my information below as well. Follow me
wherever you guys can. We couldn't do this without
you you guys. Thank you so much for listening.
God bless you all and we will see you next time.